the healthy liver cell divides only when
it's stressed the healthy hair cell
divides frequently and the cancer cell
divides even more frequently and
recklessly first draft that I saw was
like four days before it was supposed to
come online or something like that and I
hadn't heard I hadn't heard so I was
like hey guys just wondering if you need
me for anything you know and so she
leads Maya much of emails being like yes
actually we need you for a bunch of it
was greatly when I first saw it mean you
immediately get the whole natural versus
unnaturally of tech not good for you
right yes there you go good for you and
not good for you seeing that actually it
was really cool because I had no idea
writing a script you have no idea what
it's going to turn out like in the end
but you got this like an intuitive feel
of okay like yeah I get lapis is a
cancer cell and I get why this is a
healthy cell and actually I showed it to
a shrewd an early draft to the professor
with whom I was fact-checked in the
script who is a cancer researcher at MIT
and he said that it was one of the best
visualizations of cancer cells that he'd
ever seen so that was really cool
here as well when you get a script do
you make a storyboard or not I guess it
depends on the method that we use to
produce the piece because for example
things we've done a big character heavy
like ladder of inference we worked with
a storyboard from beginning to end
because we were doing this character
animation and something like that is
much different than stop motion for
example but also I mean Billy on and I
also work together for like nearly 10
years which something absurd so we don't
need as much about you know piece of
paper to tell us what to do where is if
I were working with someone new then I
would really want to to work with a
storyboard but we had just each other so
you might finish it again so there was a
part in the video where we had to
represent how the cells reproduce and
how can therapy
exit and it became quite complicated for
me to visualize so I actually had to ask
you to draw little doodles for me to
actually explain that how was that for
you I mean it was pretty difficult for
me to visualize too so it was it
interesting doing the story would
actually help me clarify in my head like
how it actually works because when you
have to explain something to someone
else with anything obviously you have to
like really figure it out yourself and
then when you have to draw it that
requires you to take an extra level of
abstraction and figure out like okay
like what are the parts of this drawing
are really important what do I have to
show clearly and how do I should and so
doing that on a legal pad which is I
think without sending it to you guys
taking a picture with my cell phone
camera really helped you know me
understand the crucial that's the
crucial part of why tuna therapy
actually works so it was a real
interesting experience yeah we actually
started that
whiteboard and I was trying to figure
out that process I think we started at
the beginning from cell division and
multiplying and chemotherapy working in
it but then it became so crazy that I
had to pull back and start from the end
and then going in different directions
so that became quite a challenge to
figuring out when we ended up using the
visual of that you gave us in the
storyboard which is really cool to have
that sort of collaboration with the
educator and I can't draw so that should
be noted it's a very rough story